[Music]
oh this is quite an ensemble you're
really a method actor I guess huh this
is what we wore every day is they really
they spare no expense is this something
you could get at fashion Nova there and
I'm not sure but I believe that Jim
Henson Creature Shop it made this they
made this for you took about five years
Wow they did a beautiful job and I
noticed some of the hair from the
costume is getting into your beard no
this is this is just stress it's just I
was working with Andy Serkis you know
him yeah sure yeah yeah he did all the
movement to society I'm working with him
in Africa for about two years before I
got into it so I'm just you know just
stressed you're really committed to this
thing I guess I am yeah tonight's a big
premiere for those who don't know right
across the street from us the world is
focused on Hollywood for The Lion King
which looks unbelievable will there be
animals out there for this I mean I mean
I don't know I hope so I mean seems I
mean it is Hollywood yeah yeah probably
yeah you don't know you weren't involved
in that I wasn't I didn't ask me and you
are going on this weekend you're going
to Australia to tour I'm going on tour
and Australia yeah I have to rebook it
you oh because you got hurt or something
right I broke my foot he broke your foot
how was that the most embarrassing thing
that's ever happened to you on stage
[Applause]
you know what no no I didn't you say
that that was it for travellish Gambino
is that is it over now and I mean IIIi
think I'm gonna still do shows I'm not
quite sure I'm pretty sure I I
definitely want to I mean I broke my
foot I had to make up these shows I
definitely bought it but I love music I
really love making music will you do any
of the Lion King songs in your concert
because that could be weird I mean only
if I'm dressed like this uh-huh
hi but I think Disney has a pretty tight
leash on that song those songs you know
right yeah I'd have to be a compromise
did you ever imagine that you would
cover an Elton John song is that
something that ever crossed your mind no
I never thought I'd never thought I
really would I never I mean you you
never really think they're gonna redo
the Lion King
no you know like I really didn't I was
it was it's a it's a crazy thing I met
him and he was really he was really
sweet and I was like Elsa the lion Oh
I studied with the lion but I met Elton
at I think it was in Italy and he was
really nice and really sweet to us and I
was like hey I'm gonna be Simba and I
think he was like oh this guy's crazy
now in this movie you're singing with
Beyonce by the way yes
next are you in the same room with
Beyonce when you guys are singing no I
requested not to be he did looking into
Beyonce's eyes while doing this but no
actually I was I was working on solo at
the time so I was in London so I
recorded at Abbey Road Studios I see and
yes and then they put you your voices
together well I would imagine it's less
intimidating if you are not in the same
room with me on set yeah yeah you know I
imagine it's less intimidating playing
basketball with Michael Jordan yeah if
you're at home just throwing the paper
in the trash this is I think very
interesting who's Tracy Morgan was here
last night on our show and you when
you're in college got a job as a writer
on 30 rock
Tracy was on on that show and did you
work directly with Tracy at that time oh
yeah yeah so you were writing for
television and studying in college at
the simultaneously it was a it was a
transition period so as I had kind of I
was about to graduate and I got and I
got the job so it was like I was still
in RA and I still had to do it over the
summer as well you're an RA ad for in
the door yes so you had to like make
sure that kids weren't misbehaving yes
cool yeah what but I was not there I
wasn't a good rx
I wasn't I was like I getting calls I'm
like oh yeah someone's very sick and
I'll be like I'll be right there and I'm
is that right if one of the kids are
sick you they're already supposed to
take care yeah you're supposed to take
any how are you at that time old enough
to know better
Yeah right like I shouldn't be in this
position not necessarily old enough to
be the one they call when somebody's
sick yeah yeah you gotta get better I'm
drunk too
[Laughter]
did you suddenly have like I mean for
college standards so you suddenly have a
ton of money when you're writing for a
network television show I mean in New
York yeah yeah like you definitely I had
more money than all my friends but I I
felt like you know like you don't spend
it well you're too young I mean why are
you spending it on can I be honest yeah
like gushers
I wasn't allowed I wasn't allowed to
have candy as a kid so I was like I'm
falling you go no you were never allowed
to have candy when you're a kid I mean
not a yeah I wasn't like no sugar you
let me can I just ask you a serious
question for a second do you feel that
being denied candy as a child made you
crave candy more when you got out of the
house absolutely I mean you have to so
the your advice would be to give the
children a little bit of candy in
moderation yeah or all of it so they
every day is Halloween it's good all
right I like that I'm gonna employ that
into my own personal life it means no
[Music]
he's playing Timon and Pumba in that
is--that's Seth Rogen and Billy Eichner
hmm and they're singing too huh yeah
dark days light stuff got really sick
shooting there we were there for 18
months well yeah yes something stepped
into that little costume that ruff we're
just talking about I said I'm taking my
daughter to see the movie she's almost 5
years old and I just have no idea how
she's gonna react to seeing these
animals talk talking yeah it's very
strange because the photo-real so I mean
my son he loves The Lion King like he's
a he's a big big fan of and of animals
in general he can run faster on all
fours then two feet you'll know when you
see him and we we we were I didn't want
to tell him because I'm like oh I'm
Simba this is probably the only time in
history this kid will ever happen where
a kid knows a movie and his father is
the and he's the so I was like okay you
know what I'm not gonna tell him I'm
just gonna play it super cool and my son
doesn't watch like movies or like it I
mean he watches movies but he doesn't
watch TV he doesn't have commercials we
basically just show one movie once a
week if he wants Wow and we yesterday I
was like hey just I don't know I was
like you you want to go see The Lion
King you know kind of thing just see if
he might notice my voice or whatever and
he was like oh sure
Beyonce's in it and I was like how did
you know that but also daddy's in it
right you know like
how many - I was like wow I'm just
saying Beyonce has people who haven't
even seen television loving her this is
she's incredible how does he know
Beyonce I don't this is not a joke I do
not know I was like did grandma tell you
that he's just like Beyonce I think it
might enter through the umbilical cords
you're in in the uterus yeah people just
know I think Beyonce is probably the
celebrity that other celebrities are
most excited to be in the presence of it
see meet
she's them she's presidential I mean
like yeah I mean like she's the close
Oprah esque yes yeah do you How well do
you know Beyonce not it's super well
well enough to be like ha Beyonce in a
ha no way
how long ago did you meet her while
doing this you met her years ago I met
her a couple years ago at a jay-z show
okay and she was she was really sweet
and like we talked about kids and she
was really nice but I also I just
happened to my we were living in New
York and my uh my partner she was like
oh Sh
we got to go to this pizza restaurant
it's Beyonce's and jay-z's favorite
restaurant on like pizza Lou Cali so I'm
like okay so I'm gonna go we're gonna go
there for date night we go there and
Beyonce and jay-z are there having a way
cooler date night like you know blue was
there was really sweet and cool but like
yeah I was just you go to them or did
they come to you or would you bump into
them or how did it work hot for like
about ten minutes like it was like 10
minutes and then you go over and then
you're like oh hey you're like what are
you doing I didn't see you
Beyonce eatin pizza are you working on
Atlanta right now
I think my contract says I have to say
yes oh so you are supposed to be working
on Atlanta right now I am working on it
you are on the plane on the Australian
oh really right off is a script for
Atlanta if anybody asks there's some
reason your dress is a lion this yeah
well it's great out of here thank you
for coming congratulations on all the
success this year with the Grammys and
[Applause]
[Music]
Barcy pardon congratulations on making
it to the end of the YouTube video why
not celebrate by clicking the subscribe
button you earned it